---
author: enthudrives
comments: true
date: 2012-03-08 17:00:07+00:00
layout: post
link: https://tsuganthi.wordpress.com/2012/03/08/tag-athon/
slug: tag-athon
title: Tag-athon
wordpress_id: 387
categories:
- Incidents
---

I was asked to join this "TAG-athon" by [Preethi](http://preethi-baskar.blogspot.in/).

Here goes the set of rules to be copy pasted...


**Rule#1: Put the rules on your blog.**
** Rule#2: Every person tagged should tell 11 things about themselves,Answer the questions asked by the one that tagged you and Tag few other people and ask them few different questions.**
** Rule#3:Let the people whom you tagged know you've done so.**
** Rule#4: Don't tag anyone who's been tagged before.**
** Rule#5: Really do tag 11 others, don't go all ''if you want to take this tag''.**


11 things about me..
1) Being a gemini, I cant be just the same to everyone around me. Who I'm depends on who you are.
2)  Most ppl call me a perfectionist. Yea. I am one.
3) I believe in my intuitions. My intuitions work most of the time.
4) I am an independent person. I hate taking "NO" for an answer. So, I dont ask help from anyone if I doubt that the answer may be no.
5) I dont beleive in love at first sight. Love can only happen after knowing each other..their likes and dislikes.
6) I dont blindly believe whatever I hear. I listen to both sides of a story before making conclusions.
7) I love eating. But a little conscious about the number of calories it adds to me :P
8) I love hanging out with friends..visiting new places..doing adventurous stuff.
9) Yes I am a chatterbox. But theres a lot of unspoken words deep down in my heart..
10) I dont regret for anything. "All for the best". I learn from my mistakes.
11) I'm a dreamy person. A lot of random thoughts keep running in my mind almost always.

Hfff! It was so hard for me to blabber 11 things about me. Now, its time to answer Preethi's questions.

1. Your views on God , spirituality , ghosts and athma .
I believe in the uniqueness of God. I am spiritual but not religious. I pray to God whenever I feel like.. I like visiting hindu temples for the architecture and Churches for silence.
I believe in the immortality of souls(athma). They are everywhere. But we cannot feel them because of their low energy level.

2. What makes your life meaningful?
Trying to keep my friends and family happy makes my life meaningful.

3. The best ways to tackle anger and detest.
I dont talk when I'm angry. Because, anger makes you do stupid things which you don't mean to do.
If I hate someone, I ignore whatever they say :P

4. How do you visualize yourself in another 10years.
After 10 years.. I visualize myself as a woman with happy family and successful career.

5. What remains as your far-fetched dream till date?
To take a day off from my routine and stay cool with no responsibilities, no tension.. Havent had any such day so far. :(

6. Something that makes you proud or stays as your identity.
My high energy level.. :D

7. How do you connect with me?
Both of us do not run away from responsibilities. Whatever crazy plan(bunking classes, movies) I make, I know that you will be in for it :P
Now, its my turn to ask few questions:

1) Do you like visiting new/strange places?

2) If given a chance to relive some phase of your life, what would you choose?

3) Whats the best thing that has happened to you so far?

4) Name one person who made a strong impact in your life

5) What are your passions?

6) If given a week off, Where would you go, What would you do?

7) Have you ever felt like you are way too different from the people around you?

Tagging few of my friends now..

[Sindhu](http://frivolousdrifts.blogspot.in/)

[Pramodh](http://pramodhn.blogspot.in/)

[Sri Krishna](http://krisenigma.blogspot.in/)

[Arun SAG](https://arunsag.wordpress.com/)

[Gayathri](http://gayathrisrinivasan.wordpress.com/)

[Karthikeyan ](http://karthikishere.wordpress.com/)
